Mr. Xu blames me for my poor hospitality
Don't mind letting Li Biao disturb the banquet
This has nothing to do with you
Mr. Xu, now my father has woken up
He wants to thank you personally
And tell your mother what happened back then
Who is this Xu Wenjie?
I can't even get in.
Please see Master Xu
My third uncle doesn't need to be polite
Do you know why my mother was
Injured by sevenfold seven chemical poison
Because of the relic left to you by the lady, the divine dragon jade pendant.
Wan San
This is the dragon jade pendant that unlocks the treasure of the Xu family
This treasure is a small matter of money
But there is a white grass from the dragon
Treasured medicinal materials for thousands of years
Never fall into the hands of a traitor
The next generation must protect each other with their lives
Wan San, take the jade pendant and leave quickly
I lead the killer away
3 years later, Deng Wenjie's feather clothes are plump
You tell him the truth